feat(changelog): messaging-and-queuing-added-undelivered-message-queue-f 2025-04-01 (#4754)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2025/2025-04-01-messaging-and-queuing-added-undelivered-message-queue-f.mdx

---
title: Undelivered message queue feature is available
status: added
date: 2025-04-01
category: serverless
product: messaging-and-queuing
---

> You can now set up queues to receive messages that are on hold or not delivered to their original queues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a new queue with Scaleway Queues, you can now configure a dead-letter queue to receive its on-hold or undelivered messages. Read more in the [documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/messaging/concepts/#dead-letter-queue)
```
